at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing the Arch rivals Mario and Stupid
sonic for the first time directly opposite each other
and although the winter is just gone, his income is already ready for the ice-cold one
tip mario sonic at the olympic winter games
but unfortunately he has not trained well enough to get a golden slice
to win
there are countless winter sports to play in this game but as far as we are concerned jump
ski jumping out in a positive way
as if you were an idol you can fly through the air with such an ego
good jump is not about a crazy sibum but about the right timing
whether you are twirling around the iq ranks or skating on one
ice rink in the end there is more of the same but in a new one
winter jacket
but you first neatly pick it up and they performed on the trampoline there is one
update when skating
purple
a
Hey
in the new festival mode you can shine on all parts and try
top in the medal rankings
the 18 days of snow fun do not only exist away games because there
must also be trained hard from time to time
the addition of a festival fashion show for just that little bit of atmosphere
summer games top 100
to provide extra tension you can challenge opponents via three
party games
unfortunately this completely misses the mark of this option adds completely
nothing
there is the wheel of fortune in which you compete for points in various sports
placing medals
of course we don't get hot or cold from this
the dream events on the summer games were not super exciting
but now and then you end up in higher atmospheres pin dream events
You end up in beautiful environments that are the collaboration between Nintendo ickx
stand
Investors who have committed one Mario theme or in a sonic atmosphere are one
absolute feast for the eyes
dietitians to find challenging work sometimes because you can just get rid of the
enjoy the environment meanwhile nice roll is turning and a coke
donate because the opponents adapt to your qualities
soon and with two fingers in your nose you hold the only medal to the
others and of course the challenge is quickly over
Mario Sonic at the Olympic Winter Games is an entertaining game
especially in the multiplayer very nice news
the game looks a lot like its predecessor but is a lot more atmospheric
because you quickly miss the challenge on your own, it promises a place in it
stage out of reach
but Mario Sonic slipped a great performance and we reward that with
a seven and a half